Update UG, DG and HelpWindow (#321)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-T14-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

**Status:** Scheduled for future release due to current timeline priorities.

### 7. Prevent Duplicate Client Entries by Standardizing Name Formatting

> **Current issue:** Client names are currently considered distinct if they contain minor differences in whitespace (e.g., `John Doe` vs. `John  Doe`). This can lead to duplicate entries due to minor typos when using the `add` or `edit` commands.
> 
> This can result in duplication of clients when using the `add` or `edit` command due to typos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Current issue:** Duplicate client entries can occur when minor differences in whitespace are present in names due to user input errors (e.g., `John Doe` vs. `John   Doe`). These variations, often caused by unintentional typos when using the `add` or `edit` commands, are currently treated as distinct entries.
```
```

Reviewer: Just an update to highlight that it is caused by user input error rather than strictly incorrect behaviour.

       Expected: A client with the given details is added to the end of the list of clients. Details are shown in the results box and any details that are truncated can be seen by using the `view` command with the client's displayed index.

    3. Test case: `add n/ NAME p/ PHONE e/ EMAIL a/ ADDRESS j/ JOB i/ INCOME t/ TIER r/ REMARK s/ Status`<br>
       Expected: A client with the given details, including the optional ones, is added to the end of the list of clients. Similar to previous. 

   4. Missing compulsory fields: `add n/ NAME p/ PHONE`, `add n/ NAME p/ PHONE e/ EMAIL`, `...` <br>
      Expected: An error message is shown to user. No client is added. Missing fields are shown in the error message. 

   5. Invalid command formats: `add`, `add n/ NAME p/ INVALID_PHONE e/ E/ EMAIL...`, `...` <br>
       Expected: An error message is shown to user. No client is added. Error details shown in the status message.

2. Add an existing client
    1. Prerequisites: There exists a client in AddressBook which has the same name, phone number and email as the client to be added.
    2. Test case: `add n/ SAME_NAME p/ SAME_PHONE e/ SAME_EMAIL a/ ADDRESS j/ JOB i/ INCOME`<br>

>        Expected: An error message indicating that the client already exists is shown to user. No client is added.

Reviewer: Should we use `<>` for the arguments? Let's standardize this!
